Brain GUI modernization (Phase 1) (#14054)
mne-tools/mne-python: doc/changes/dev/14054.newfeature.rst

> The colorbar in the :class:`mne.viz.Brain` viewer now automatically switches to scientific notation for tick labels, and has more tick-label spacing. The Help dialog now uses a Qt dialog styled to match ``mne-qt-browser``'s help dialog instead of a ``matplotlib`` popup, and the "Press ? for help" status bar message is now clickable, and "Help" text was removed from the top left of the GUI by `Payam Sadeghi-Shabestari`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The colorbar in the :class:`mne.viz.Brain` now switches sooner to scientific notation for tick labels, and has more tick-label spacing. The Help dialog now uses a Qt dialog styled to match ``mne-qt-browser``'s help dialog, the "Press ? for help" status bar message is now clickable, and "Help" text was removed from the top left of the GUI, by `Payam Sadeghi-Shabestari`_.
```
